SHRUTI KAWALE
+91 9011286361⋄ Nagpur, Maharashtra
kawaleshruti@outlook.com ⋄ linkedin.com

OBJECTIVE

Analytical professional with technical knowledge and critical thinking skills to thrive in data-driven environments.
Tackles challenges with positivity and drive to overcome. Works great alone or with others and consistently exceeds
expectations. I am eager to contribute to a dynamic team and make a positive impact.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Technology , RTMNU Nagpur
Computer Science and Engineering.

SKILLS

2020-2024

Technical skills SQL, Python, GCP (Dataflow, Cloud Functions, BigQuery), ETL/ELT-Data pipeline , Looker.

EXPERIENCE

Trainee Data Engineer

07/2024 - Current Low-latency Technologies Pvt. Ltd

Pune, India

• Designed and maintained scalable data pipelines for ingestion, transformation, and processing using Python,
SQL, and cloud services. Built data models and cloud-based storage solutions, streamlining data flow with ETL
tools like Dataflow, Dataproc, Cloud Composer, and Airflow.

AI and Software Intern
CureXMedia

January 2024 - May 2024
Nagpur, Maharashtra

Developed an LLM-based chatbot and contributed to front-end development using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Managed a tech community to boost engagement and worked on the CityRent.Space project, including a What-
sApp bot for customer interaction.

PROJECTS

Smart Logs Data Analytics. Designed a log data analysis solution with integrated dashboards using Power BI,
Looker, and Google Data Studio. Built a robust pipeline with gsutil, Dataflow, and Cloud Functions on GCP,
enhancing efficiency, security, and performance.

Next gen AI Chatbot Developed a next-gen AI chatbot using JavaScript and Langchain, showcasing expertise in
natural language processing and conversational agent design. Delivered a high-performance solution that significantly
enhanced user interaction capabilities.

Movie Multiplex System and Mini Shopping Store. Built responsive web applications—a Movie Multiplex
System and a Mini Shopping Store—using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Designed user-friendly interfaces with
real-time features, dynamic content, and seamless navigation to enhance user experience across devices.

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

• Event Head at Departmental Committee. As Event Head of the CSE Departmental Committee, I coordinate
academic and extracurricular activities, foster collaboration among students, faculty, and industry professionals,
and ensure the success of departmental initiatives.

• Community Management . As a community manager at CureXmedia, I foster engagement and communication
within our diverse community, ensuring members feel heard, valued, and connected. I facilitate dialogue and
address concerns to cultivate a vibrant, supportive online environment for all stakeholders.

CERTIFICATION

Cloud Digital Leader Certification (see here )

